Experiment section (#5)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/Experiment.tex

\section{Experiment}\label{sec:experiment}

> In this section the details of the experiment will be given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, the details of the experiment will be given.
```

This covers what models will be evaluated, the evaluation metrics, and how the hyperparameters for the models were chosen.
Lastly, the results of the evaluations are also shown.

\subsection{Models}\label{sec:experiment_models}

> In this experiment, a list of different topic models are evaluated, each using a different metadata from the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of different topic models is evaluated, each using different metadata from the dataset.
```

The main difference between the models is how they draw a specific topic for a word.
As detailed in \autoref{sec:lda} and \autoref{sec:metadata}, the main models used in this experiment are:
\begin{description}
	\item[\Acrlong{lda}] Standard \gls{lda}, which uses document-topic distributions.
	\item[Author-Topic Model] An \gls{lda} based model, which uses author-topic distributions.
	\item[Category-Topic Model] An \gls{lda} based model, which uses category-topic distributions.
	\item[Taxonomy-Topic Model] A pachinko allocation model which uses hierarchical taxonomy information.
\end{description}

By extension of these models, combinations of the models are also evaluated.
As detailed in \autoref{sec:combinations}, these combinations are:
\begin{itemize}
	\item Author-Category
	\item Author-Taxonomy
	\item Category-Taxonomy
	\item Author-Category-Taxonomy
\end{itemize}

> These model combinations should give insight into what a model learns when multiple metadata have influence on the topics chosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These model combinations should give insight into what a model learns when multiple metadata have an influence on the topics chosen.
```

\subsection{Evaluation Metrics}\label{sec:experiment_metrics}

> All models mentioned previously are evaluated on the following evaluation metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models previously mentioned are evaluated on the following evaluation metrics.
```

The main metric used, in this experiment, is the topic coherence metric.

> This metric gives an indication of how coherent topics are, and will be an indication of the quality of the topics a topic model generates.\todo{Source}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This metric indicates how coherent topics are and will be an indication of the quality of the topics a topic model generates.\todo{Source}
```

> This metric gives an indication of how coherent topics are, and will be an indication of the quality of the topics a topic model generates.\todo{Source, probably tea leaves}

Author: ```suggestion
This metric gives an indication of how coherent topics are, and will be an indication of the quality of the topics a topic model generates.\todo{Source}
```

Topic coherence is calculated as follows:
\begin{equation}
	TopicCoherence = 
\end{equation}
\todo[inline]{Find and insert math}
\noindent where ...

The other metric used in the experiment is perplexity.
Perplexity is used as a metric, to show how well a model can predict new test samples.
But because perplexity is not specific to topic models, and by itself does not give an indication of how coherent topics are, it is mainly used as a secondary evaluation.\todo{Tea leaves can probably also be used here as source.}
Perplexity is calculated as follows:
\begin{equation}
	Perplexity = 
\end{equation}
\todo[inline]{Find and insert math}
\noindent where ...

> 

Reviewer 2: Vi skal måske også nævne topic difference, som en mulig 'sanity-check' metric?
```suggestion

Topic Difference is another metric that is used to check the quality of the topic model.
It is based on the assumption that a good topic model will have little overlap between topics.
It is therefore not necessarily the best measure of the final quality of a topic model, but it will show if a topic model is very bad.
\begin{equation}
	Topic Difference = 
\end{equation}
\todo[inline]{Find and insert math}
\noindent where ...
```
